add new build format cep (#53)
conda-incubator/ceps: cep-20.md

Selectors in the new spec take the following format:

`sel(unix): selected_value`

This is a valid YAML dictionary. Selector contents are simple boolean expressions and follow Python syntax. The following selectors are all valid:

- win and arm64
- (osx or linux) and aarch64
- something == "test"

Furthermore, we have a special "cmp" function that can be used to run a check against a selected variant version. The `cmp` function looks like the following:

```
cmp(python, "3.6")
```

This runs the matchspec from the `python` variant against the version spec of the second argument. It would return the following:

```
python:
- "3.6" -> true # this variant matches "3.6.*"
- "3.8" -> false
- "3.6.* *cpython" -> true (build strings are ignored when not specified in the version spec)
```

Preprocessing selectors
-----------------------

You can add selectors to any item, and the selector is evaluated in
a preprocessing stage. If a selector evaluates to `true`, the item is
flattened into the parent element. If a selector evaluates to `false`,

> the item is removed.

Reviewer: Can selectors be nested? Should they?

```yaml
source:
  - sel(not win):
      url: http://path/to/unix/source
      sel(py3k):
        url: http://path/to/python3/bindings/linux/only
  - sel(win):
      url: http://path/to/windows/source
      sel(py3k):
        url: http://path/to/python3/bindings/windows/only

```

### Skipping builds

List conditions under which an output should be skipped.
Particularly useful for defining recipes that are platform specific. By default, a build is never skipped.

```yaml
build:
  skip:
    - win
    - osx and py36
    ...
```

### Architecture independent packages

Allows you to specify "no architecture" when building a package, thus
making it compatible with all platforms and architectures. Noarch packages can be installed on any platform.

Assigning the noarch key as `generic` tells conda to not try any manipulation of the contents.

```yaml
build:
  noarch: generic
```

`noarch: generic` is most useful for packages such as static javascript
assets and source archives. For pure Python packages that can run on any
Python version, you can use the `noarch: python` value instead:

```yaml
build:
  noarch: python
```

Noarch Python packages are post-processed as follows:

- `site-packages`  folder is moved to the root of the package
- `bin/` and `Scripts/` files (that are _not_ entrypoints) are moved to `python-bin` folder in the root of the package

> These are moved to the appropriate Python-version specific locations when installing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These can be moved to the appropriate Python-version specific locations when installing.
```

As this spec does not dictate anything about installing right?

run\_constrained dependency helps mamba tell the user that a given
package can't be installed if their system glibc version is too old.

Test section
------------

If this section exists or if there is a `run_test.[py,pl,sh,bat]` file
in the recipe, the package is installed into a test environment after
the build is finished and the tests are run there.

### Test files

Test files that are copied from the _recipe_ into the temporary test
directory and are needed during testing.

```yaml
test:
  files:
    - test-data.txt
```

### Source files

Test files that are copied from the _source work directory_ into the
temporary test directory and are needed during testing (note that the
source work directory is otherwise not available at all during testing).

```yaml
test:
  source_files:
    - test-data.txt
    - some/directory
    - some/directory/pattern*.sh
```

### Test requirements

In addition to the runtime requirements, you can specify requirements
needed during testing. The runtime requirements that you specified in
the "run" section described above are automatically included during
testing.

```yaml
test:
  requires:
    - nose

> ```

Reviewer 3: Just mentioning one of my personal bugbears; if we're making changes, I think specifying test dependencies under `requirements/test` makes a lot more sense than special-casing them under their own top-level heading.
e.g.
```yaml
requirements:
  build:
    - "{{ compiler('c') }}"
    - sel(linux): "{{ cdt('xorg-x11-proto-devel') }}"
  host:
    - python
  run:
    - python
    - sel(py26): argparse
    - six >=1.8.0
  run_constrained:
    - optional-subpackage =={{ version }}
  test:
    - nose
```
